# TodoConsoleApp
 Problem Statement: Create a simple java TODO application.   Features:  This is a core Java (console) application, that would take input from the user.  When we run the code, the user would be presented with following Main menur screen:  ==================================== 1. Add a new item ("add") 2. Delete an existing item ("del") 3. Update an item ("edit") 4. List all items ("ls") 5. Exit (Or press escape key to exit)  Please choose your option :  ===================================== If user enters “add", then "ADD TODO ITEM" screen will be displayed on the console: User will be prompted to enter inputs like this: - =====================================  1) Add mode: Enter title :  xxx  //hit enter key to display the following input line. Enter description: xxxx xxx xxx //hit enter key to save the TODO item.  Conditions:  > TODO title is unique throughout the system. So for duplicate title, user will be prompted with error message 'duplicate entry'. > Once data is saved, Main menu screen will be shown to the user again:  If user enters (option) “del”, the delete screen would be shown:  ====================================  2) Delete mode:  Please enter TODO title: ABC  Are you sure you want to delete (y/n):  If y is pressed, item would be deleted and same option screen would be displayed. If n is pressed, then again option screen would be displayed without deleting the item.  Now on selection screen if user enters “edit". Edit screen will be displayed to user like this:  ==================================== 3) Edit mode  Please enter TODO title: ABC Please enter updated title: ANB1 Please enter description : Updated description  After pressing enter, the item would be updated.  Conditions: > Please make sure, we need to maintain the uniqueness as well. In edit screen also user should not allowed to update a title thats already there in the system. > If user enters duplicate item, an error message will be displayed to the user with proper error and user will have to provide the updated title again.  After successful updation, user will be presented with Main menu screen. ====================================  For list, user can view the item in sorted way.  User can enter following input: A) ls name asc/desc  > This will print a list of todo items, sorted by name in order as specified in command.  B) ls date_created asc/desc > This will print a list of todo items, sorted by date in order specified in command.  Conditions:  > Any time user hits the "escape" key - the  program will be terminated. > Please use proper OOPS concepts and collections as per the use case.
